want to know what's heating up in
theaters this weekend this ancient power
has returned the ultimate adventure and
an ancient horror combined in The Mummy
starring Tom Cruise and Russell Crowe
you saw that right we never go out at
night a man will do anything to protect
his family deep in the woods and it
comes at night can't trust anyone but
family what are you going to do with us
hunter come in my cousin rachel is a
period piece mystery about a man trying
to uncover the truth behind a recent
death okay okay oh wait see what's hot
in theaters with this week's
anticipation so what's your weekend to
get going to be let us know by
commenting see you next time on weekend
take it
[Music]